hi everyone so I am now on my son
holiday and it feels great like I had
such a nice week so far just being off
I'm off to Croatia tomorrow
I can't wait I've been packing today but
I've suddenly got jitters I'm sorry
nervous because my results are live like
good chewy I can click onto a website
and get my results the first year right
now yeah look we know there's please
past please I'm so nervous
oh my god they didn't even tell us like
what time they're gonna come out so I'm
just been sitting around all day like
please please let them come out and that
people have just posted on the group
chat that they're live for those who
don't know I study physical Natural
Sciences at the University of Cambridge
and I've just completed my first year I
had a week of exams at the end of my
third term just a few weeks back and
I've looked it all so you can check out
the blogs if you want to it's basically
just me stressing about exams the whole
way through
Oh physical Natural Sciences we get a
result for each year separately so I get
a first year result I get a second year
result I get a third year result and I
never actually give you an overall
result you just have them three
separately but your second or third year
results tend to be the ones you quote or
even just your third year result like
the first year result doesn't really
matter why you just want to pass first
year so for physical Natural Sciences
they scale the marks basically you're
ranked within the year and it's just how
you do in comparison to everyone else
that is what class you get which is kind
of scary because Cambridge is full of a
lot of very clever people so the grade
boundaries are 70% for a first 50% for a
second and 40% for a third and anything
less than 40% is a fail they don't
divide the second class into two ones
and two twos in the first year so
basically be out comes off first second
third or fail
I am hoping for a third
because you have to understand that my
exams were badly and I think I could
have just I feel like I could have
worked harder I think I did take up too
many extracurriculars in the first time
anyway well we'll go into that later
I mean first would be impossible
impossible lightly I don't think I've
answered enough marks where the
questions get first so a second would be
a miracle a third would be all I am
hoping for and a fail would be I'd be a
sad day and I feel like it could happen
ah right the laptop is here okay
apparently the breakdown isn't out at
the moment it's just your class I'm just
so happy that these results are out
before I've gone to Croatia because
they've been known to be delayed in
previous years and it's actually call me
down speaking to the camera actually my
results oh I don't want to click the
button I don't want to click the button
oh so relieved I got a second class oh
my god how did I do that how did I do
that
like you don't you don't even understand
how stressed out I've been that's yeah
class to class - I don't care if it's a
low - I don't care as a high - it's a -
that's all I know right now actually I
don't even know I don't know my
percentage I don't know my ranking I
don't know the breakdown in all the
papers because it hasn't updated that
yeah but I don't care I'll review that
later second class right here oh my god
I can't believe I got through my first
year at Cambridge like I've actually got
through it that is you know what first
year class - we can only go up from here
next year it's gonna be a first I'm
telling you yay I'm going back next year
oh my god I'm gonna bring my mum and
that's me I've got my results yeah I've
got a second I'm so relieved you have no
idea everyone says yeah everyone says
second year of Natsuki is so much easier
than first year really yeah that's what
everyone says no I can't I can't believe
it I would have been happy with the
third though but I got it I'm sorry
that's really good they don't they don't
split it into two 2s and two ones it's
just a second it's the first year so
like basically and I could just be like
oh yeah I was nearly at first when I
probably just scraped into the second
class
because you're probably more realistic
about how I've got the camera going now
while talking to you so okay so I've
just got off the phone to my mom she's
very pleased as well which is good this
video it's gonna be in parts because I'm
heading off to Croatia now I don't
really have time to kinda go over the
first year and go over my marks with you
but I will go into it in more detail and
I'll probably come back looking much
more tanned hopefully I'll be back with
you in a moment and hello I'm back from
Croatia I had a great time
blogs will be coming soon so yeah now
I've got my results breakdown and
whatnot I got it like the first day of
Croatia I did pretty similar in all my
modules I did best in Earth Sciences
this year second best in physics third
best in maths and worst in chemistry
which I would not cool like beforehand
they would have said chemistry and maths
and my strongest and physics and earth
science was for my weakest like before
exams but then the exams happened so I
just wanted to clarify and like my
results while I'm very happy with them
like you saw my reaction I'm literally
over the moon like I thought I'd failed
and I'm actually past like Oh what so
happy but they're also a little bit new
for want of a better word like they're
not the greatest of the great like at
this stage I am one of the weaker ones
in the year I'm not disappointed in
myself at all like I know I worked hard
I did my best and I also feel like I'm
in quite an ideal situation at the
moment because I really did strike that
balance between work and fun in first
year because I've done what I need to do
ie past first year and I've had fun
while doing it and that's what everyone
told me to do I'm not too worried
actually about you know being slightly
lower down in the year like it is what
it is I tried my best and you know I'm
gonna be going in to second year guns
blazing I mean business and that's all
you can do really I do think though in
future years I do need to have more
belief in myself because
I honestly was so scared that I'd failed
and I mean I kept saying throughout exam
time I I kept saying to myself I'm gonna
fail I'm gonna fail I'm gonna fail that
I may not have been saying out loud to
everyone but I literally just had no
faith in myself whatsoever and that's
ridiculous I had such a negative mindset
just wasn't necessary but I can do it I
can so few tears I just now I know I
need to have more belief in myself and I
think that will help even just believe
you I can do it to be honest but I
wasn't close to affair that all I got a
second
that's Dixon so I got more than I was
expecting like I am thinking now yes I
did go a bit crazy with the
extracurriculars like I did cook thing
and that was what two three outings a
weenie peach taking about two hours each
that's like four to six hours a week
sing and that was also involving
getting up early so I couldn't stay up
late the night before I had to get early
night that cut into revision time a lot
I then have Boram in Latin dancing I
don't know if I've mentioned this but I
did have to go three times a week I
don't have to I wanted to so I went
three times a week to Dancing sessions
and it actually was about six hours of
my time a week I spent doing dance and
getting there and back and then also
I've got my YouTube which I have enjoyed
doing like I love YouTube so like I love
looking I've got an addiction too but it
felt weird being at home and not
vlogging anymore like I've really
enjoyed it and it's so great looking
back on it but the vlogging has taken up
time like it takes me two hours minimum
to edit a video I think it wasn't until
exam term third term that I realized
quite how much I'd taken on because I
did dial back the extracurriculars there
was a few weeks where I wasn't posting
YouTube videos I completely cut out
dancing together so I didn't have my six
hours of dance a week and I had far
fewer rowing outings and it was at that
point I realized just how much time I'd
be spending on the extracurriculars
because I was so much less stressed and
I had so much more time to get my work
done that I wasn't so pushed for time
and having so many late nights like
staying up late
like cramming in work to get it all done
for the next day and all these deadlines
yes I think I've learned from that like
next year I'm not going to take on so
much and please I did it like try a bit
of everything in first year but next
year I think I'm what obviously I think
I'm gonna stick to my vlogging I might
do a little bit of coaxing but apart
from that I don't think I'm gonna take
on anything else so a lot of people over
the year have commented on my YouTube
videos or 70 private messages saying
don't you feel like you're missing out
on life experiences and just being a
normal student because there's a bit of
a different student lifestyle that we
lead at Cambridge than it is at the
majority of other universities my
response to that is no I don't feel like
I'm missing out the experience of Hannah
Cambridge is different yes but I don't
know in my environment I'm not saying
it's better it's worse like for me it's
better like I feel like it's more suited
to me and it's not as if I haven't been
doing typical student things either
while I've been at Cambridge like I go
out clubbing Shirdi I have fun I'm not
working the whole time obviously my
videos give quite a distorted view of
the student life at Cambridge because
I'm obviously more likely to film myself
while working than well just chilling
out watching Netflix
I've not been working the whole time
right I'm human you know I I'm not a
machine I don't look like 24 hours a day
every day so now it's come to the time
where I need to decide on what modules
to take for next year I'm still not sure
I'm really stuck I feel like it comes to
the point where actually need to decide
what I want to do and I'm just not quite
ready you know if you're putting off
this decision-making for quite a while
like I took Natural Sciences I could
carry on with chemistry and physics and
now it's come to the point where really
I do need to make a decision so you take
three modules in second year not four
and the possible combinations I'm
thinking of are either physics a physics
B and maths or chemistry a chemistry B
and pharmacology
two very different routes alternatively
I might take physics a physics B and
chemistry a I feel like I do need to
just decide a path now and just be set
on it and the thing is if I take to fit
my plan taking physics in third year and
I don't take maths next year like
physics physics maths then I have to do
a separate maths course on the side as
well to keep me out with it and even
then I can't like go into theoretical
physics I have to go down the
experimental route which is not
necessarily what I want to do see I
don't really know I want to do that's
the issue
and I need to kind of look further ahead
and figure out what I need to do now to
get there before coming to Cambridge
like I had a goal getting into Cambridge
for our a levels I suppose like to start
of six forms with that two years I was
solely focusing getting good grades
available and getting a place at
Cambridge doing the course I want us to
do Natural Sciences I had a gold
I was fixed on it but since then like I
haven't had a new goal so I'm gonna like
think about it I'm gonna start looking
at like careers and whatnot and I'm
gonna ask my director of studies for
advice as well I'm gonna email and say
I'm not too sure these are the kind of
things I'm thinking about what do you
think because the other thing that's
affecting my decision
is just difficulty of the course really
I need to do something that I enjoy and
that I'm good at a fine physics really
hard yeah it's my favorite which is so
annoying so yeah now first just come to
an end it's gone so quickly I just can't
believe it feels like yesterday I just
started oh it's just so many good things
have come out of it like I feel so much
more independent now
and yes the workload was a lot but I do
genuinely enjoy learning so I didn't
mind it's just so exciting to be getting
this top education and oh I loved it
loved it it has been the most
challenging experience of my academic
life so far but that's what it's
designed to be like should you expect
any less no I've had so many good times
this year
like freshers week formal dinners CAF
dinners and brunch
she's just learning to cycle in the
roads in Cambridge dance competitions
rowing races
making my own waffles with my waffle
machine going out clubbing learn to do
laundry snowball fights going on a
geology field trip sitting outside in
the Sun and chaff a court cesarean
Sunday May ball at the end of term
watching films trips to Nando's the list
goes on but by far the best thing about
first year has been all the lovely
people that I've met I was so worried
before coming to you neither
I wouldn't settle in I wouldn't make
friends I'd be by myself the lunar and
actually that's not the case I've met so
many lovely people and they've just
shaped my first year they've made my
first year what it was so thank you to
everyone who I've met this year you've
all been lovely to me please stay
friends with me next year and yeah I
miss Cambridge so much now I've already
been gone a few weeks like it's stupid
because Cambridge it's just Cambridge is
such a lovely place I miss all my
friends there and I just miss the place
in general so now I finished first year
I thought it's only fitting that I do a
Q & A video so I'll be filming one at
some point in the next week so II really
like to comment down below your
questions for me you can ask me anything
I'll try and answer as many as possible
and now I'm just excited for second year
I'm excited to get back to Cambridge and
actually I'm excited for my long summer
as well bring one second year thank you
for watching this video please give it a
like and subscribe if you enjoyed it and
I will see you soon bye
[Music]